## PayPal

PayPal is a money service business that allows users to transfer funds between each other. It is one of the most popular payment methods in ecommerce and the rs market space because it is simple to use. You are able to settup an account here: www.paypal.com and connect your bank or debit/credit cards to get started. We are very selective in when we do accept PayPal because of the chargeback risks that is associated with using PayPal. When we do accept PayPal, it is a seamless payment method which means that the payment is instantly transferred into our account and we would be able to pay out instantly. When using PayPal to pay for gold, you would you significantly less gold than if you used Bitcoin.

## Bitcoin and Altcoins

Bitcoin is a decentralized Peer 2 Peer asset from the asset class "Cryptocurrencies". Cryptocurrencie's backbond is called blockchain, a ledger of transactions that a confirmed by miners. Bitcoin is heavily used in transactions in the Runescape Market because it provides a non-chargebackable payment method for people to use. When you purchase or send via Bitcoin, people often tell each other to wait for 1 confirmation to avoid a double spend attack. 1 confirmation is required to prevent a double spend attack which is an attack which takes place when someone sends you a transaction. A double spend attack is when someone sends a transaction with double-spendable-fees and then sends another transaction with high fees which then that transaction in the first case gets double spent and overriden. Altcoins aka Alternative coins is coins like Ethereum, XRP, Litecoin, and countless others. (coinmarketcap.com) are alternative payment options that are not bitcoin. Visit www.coinmarketcap.com to find the list of all the cryptocurrencies.

